# 🟢(L1) SpaceBeyond | Account | Log-In and Log-Out

[GX-468](https://upexgalaxy0.atlassian.net/browse/GX-468) Created: 9/14/22 Updated: 9/14/22

*   As website User of the website SpaceAndBeyond,
*   I want to **Login and Logout**
*   So that I can have control over my account.

Feature: Login

  Background:
    Given user is in the Login Page
    And user has already a created account available in the website
    
  Scenario: (Happy-Path) user logs in the website
    When the user enters a existing username and password in the form
    And clicks on the "Log In" button
    Then the user must be logged in and moved to the home page
    And the Login link of the navigation bar must display "Hello" as welcome.
    
  Scenario: user forgot to enters an username/password in the login
    When the user forgot to insert an username/password
    And clicks on the "Log In" button
    Then a log message must be displayed beneath the correspondent input as:
      "Name is a required field." in case of empty username.
      "Password is a required field." in case of empty password.
    And the user must not be able to log in.
    
  Scenario: user enters invalid credentials in the login (not exist in the DB)
    Given username/password is not present in the DB or both are not matching
    When the user tries to insert such username/password
    And clicks on the "Log In" button
    Then a log message must be displayed beneath the correspondent input as:
      "Invalid credentials. Please use an existing user account, or Sign Up"
    And the user must not be able to log in.

Feature: Logout

  Scenario: (Happy-Path) user logs out of the website account
      Given user is already logged in
      When the user clicks on the "Log out" button
      Then the user must be logged out of session immediately.